# CS-250Journal

  When it comes to interpreting user needs, I feel if you have a good initial consultation, it will take the guessing out of whatever it is they need done. Asking the right questions will ensure that your client's needs are being met while causing the least amount of stress possible on the development team. A user story would help in this process as well, as we involve the user in teh development process and hear their feedback as we create the story, making sure all of their needs are met before we even start.
  When initially beginning to develop a program, I think it is helpful to start with a psuedocode or something of that nature to get an idea of how I would like the program to run, and what all parameters I intend on including in the program. I think starting this way helps minimize any oversight I may have made if I had forgone this step, and were to dive right into developing code. I really enjoyed the Agile process, My husband follows this framework at his current job, and they do scrum not everyday but most of them, and I can see how helpful it is. It allows them to address any obstacles they may be facing in the morning before beginning work, so something that may have been a hinderance now has a chance to be solved before it can really cause any issues.
    Being a good team member in software development means being able to take critisism and using it to enhance your work. Your code or process may not always be perfect the first time, and being able to understand that and not take offence, just use it to make you better I think makes you a good team member. Also being able to work well with others, if you are someone other people do not enjoy working with, it just makes your job more difficult in the long run.
